King was born on January 15, 1929, in Atlanta, Georgia, to the Reverend Martin Luther King, Sr. and Alberta Williams King.
[2] King's legal name at birth was Michael King, and his father was also born Michael King, but the elder King changed both his and his son's names around 1934.[3][4] The elder King would later state that "Michael" was a mistake by the attending physician to his son's birth,[5] and the younger King's birth certificate was altered to read "Martin Luther King Jr." in 1957.[6] King's parents were both African-American, and he also had Irish ancestry through his paternal great-grandfather.[7][8][9]
Content itself is what the end-user derives value from. Thus, "content" can refer to the information provided through the medium, the way in which the information was presented, as well as the added features included in the medium in which that information was delivered. The medium, however, provides little to no value to the end-user without the information and experiences that make up the content. Communication theory philosopher Marshall McLuhan famously coined the phrase, "The medium is the message."[3] In the case of content, the channel through which information is delivered, the "medium", affects how the end user perceives content, the "message".

The author, producer, or publisher of an original source of information or experiences may or may not be directly responsible for the entire value that they attain as content in a specific context. For example, part of an original article (such as a headline from a news story) may be rendered on another web page displaying the results of a user's search engine query grouped with headlines from other news publications and related advertisements. The value that the original headline has in this group of query results from the search engine as a medium may be very different from the value that it had as message content in its original article.

Content also leads to influencing other people in creating their own content, sometimes in a way that the original author did not or could not plan or imagine. This feature, adding the option of user innovation in a medium, means that users can develop their own content from existing content.
From the morning of January 4, 1988, onwards, the Nick Jr. brand was in place and in use, with an approximate six-hour portion of the Nickelodeon broadcast day, at 8:30am – 2:30pm every weekday.[1] The logo for the new Nick Jr. brand became a distinctive feature for the block. At first, the Nick Jr. logo was orange for 'Nick' and blue for 'Jr.'. The logo varied in the shape or species (e.g. two stars, two trains, two trees, two robots, two balls, two castles, two pigs, two cows, two horses, two brothers, two cats, two dogs, two dinosaurs (India only), two bunnies, two sisters). Most of Nick Jr.'s network IDs during this period were produced by VideoWorks Inc. and Olive Jar Animation. Until July 1990, a former staple of the Nickelodeon lineup, Pinwheel was featured, originally for three hours (two at the beginning and one at noon), then for one hour during spring-summer 1989. When Eureeka's Castle premiered in September 1989, Pinwheel was split into two separate half hours in the morning and afternoon, where it remained until July 1990. Much of the remaining time in the lineup, particularly early in this time period, was devoted to animated series, many of which were Japanese or of foreign origin (David the Gnome, The Elephant Show, Noozles, Doctor Snuggles, Adventures of the Little Koala, The Little Bits, Grimm's Fairy Tale Classics, Maya the Bee, Maple Town, Curious George and Muppet Babies). Programming of both live action and puppeted preschool programming also appeared during this time.
1993–1994

On April 5, 1993, Nick Jr. premiered a new series, Cappelli & Company, and introduced its first re-brand in five years, with promotional elements featuring an orange figure with the word 'NICK' it resembling a parent and a blue figure with the word 'JR,' in it resembling a child doing activities. The promos and bumpers introduced a new female announcer (who was replaced by a different female announcer in 1994, 1998 and 2003) and often featured kids playing near the Nick Jr. logo. Several Nick Jr. promos and bumpers carried the slogan 'Play To Learn' and a theme song with the slogan sung to the "London Bridge" melody. Due to competition from PBS' children's programming and TLC's Ready Set Learn block, Nickelodeon decided to spend $30 million on revamping their Nick Jr. block in 1994.[2]
1994–2004

On September 5, 1994, Nick Jr. re-branded and introduced Face, an animated host that introduced, and wrapped up shows, and smaller variety pieces. In the context of his segments, Face was capable of materializing objects such as an astronaut, a robot, a clown, a window, a traffic light, stars, even wood, and of creating any number of foley sound effects including a signature three note 'trumpet' noise always following the name "Nick Jr.". Face was voiced by Chris Phillips, who was also one of Nickelodeon's continuity announcers. More than 400 Face promos were created and produced by Nick Digital from 1994–1996 and 1999–2003, and later at Data Motion Arts from 1996–1999, and finally at Vee-Pee Cartoons from 2003–2004. From this point forward, he changed colors, moods, and feelings, and during the fall of 1994, Nick Jr. introduced two new original series; Gullah Gullah Island and Allegra's Window.

On September 8, 1996, the first episode of Blue's Clues premiered in prime-time on Nickelodeon, then debuted on the Nick Jr. block the next day. Nick Jr. also premiered four new interstitial series and received a new re-brand, produced by Pittard Sullivan. Blue's Clues quickly dethroned Gullah Gullah Island as Nick Jr.'s most popular series; Nick Jr. re-branded again in 1998. In 1999 and 2000, Nick Jr. removed most of its older series and replaced them with newer series such as Franklin, Kipper, Maisy, Little Bill, and Dora the Explorer. Bob the Builder premiered on January 15, 2001, while Oswald premiered on August 20, 2001; on September 3, 2001, Nick Jr. received a new re-brand produced by Adams Morioka (who had previously re-branded Nickelodeon and Nick at Nite). On August 29, 2003, most of Nick Jr.'s older interstitial series and the original Face segments ended their run.

On September 2, 2003, Nick Jr. re-branded and introduced more than a dozen new logos. Face was given a new look, which added eyebrows and a chin and straightened the eyes by inverting their colors from white dots on black eyes to black, larger dots on white eyes. Also, his voice turned into a D.J. rapper-like voice. A new interstitial series called Nick Jr. Play Along debuted, which were hosted by two fun, live-action hosts – Robin (played by actress Hillary Hawkins[3]) and Zack (played by actor Travis Guba[4]). Alongside Robin and Zack were four sock puppets called the Feetbeats. The Nick Jr. Play Along interstitials and new Face segments ended their one-year run on October 8, 2004.
2004–2007

On October 11, 2004, Nick Jr. introduced a new mascot, Piper O'Possum, and a new slogan, "Nick Jr! We Love to Play!". Nick Jr.'s female announcer was replaced with Chris Phillips and Kobie Powell. The Piper O'Possum segments ended their two-year run on September 7, 2007 at 2:00 pm ET.
2007–2009

On September 10, 2007 at 9:00 am ET, Nick Jr. received another re-brand, which encouraged preschoolers to play and learn with Nick Jr. shows. The block's bumpers featured the Nick Jr. logo in the form of two stuffed animals, animated in stop-motion. This marks the first time that Nick Jr. had no mascot since 1994. Nick Jr. also stopped airing interstitial series and increased the amount of commercials it aired. The block was extended to 8:30 am to 2:00 pm in the spring of 2008. The block ended on January 30, 2009; Yo Gabba Gabba! was the last show to air on the block.
2009–2014
Main article: Nick Jr.
The original logo for Nick Jr. used from its launch in 1988 to 2009.

The Nick Jr. block ended its 21-year run on February 2, 2009. Nickelodeon continued to air Nick Jr. shows in the block's timeslot, but with the Nickelodeon branding, replacing the Nick Jr. branding. On September 28, 2009, Nick Jr. replaced Noggin as a 24/7 TV channel. This makes it the first that Nickelodeon does not brand its preschool shows in a program block since 1988. (For a period during this interim, the preschool block on Nickelodeon was branded as the "Nick Play Date.")
2014–present

In May 2014, Nickelodeon began using the "Nick Jr." name in advertisements to refer to both the network and block. When aired on the Nick Jr. channel, commercials for programs broadcast on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block usually end with Nick Jr. over on Nickelodeon to differentiate the titles.

